{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14700\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf2 Scenario:\
Anna's is an office manager for a small creative agency. She studied English Literature in college and is excited to find her way in the professional world. She is enthusiastic and a quick learner, but she is frequently tasked with IT problems that she struggles to understand. The company she works for does not have a large IT budget, so she often has to do the legwork of calling 1-800 numbers and doing online research.\'a0 It's not unusual for her to lose an entire day of work getting a printer back online, installing software or troubleshooting a colleague's slow computer.\'a0\
\
Behavior:\
- Will occasionally call in an IT professional, but has to provide a quote and request permission from her boss first\
- Currently manages an IT report in a large Excel spreadsheet, where she tracks data related to each employee, their assigned computer and the company\'92s IT network. \
- Is often tasked with making IT decisions for the business and has to educate her boss and colleagues on why she has chosen a particular option\
- Will spend lots of time researching a problem, but online resources can be highly technical and confusing\
\
Pain points\
-  IT requests often get buried in Anna\'92s email or an initial request is dealt with, but there is little or delayed follow up\
- Anna finds her IT spreadsheet has grown large and unwieldy as the company hires new people, as people leave their jobs and as new equipment is purchased. This makes it difficult to glance at information quickly, hard to track changes in the information and difficult to find details unless she knows the specific search term(s)\
- Anna feels inadequate when an IT customer support rep asks for information and it can take a few minutes to locate the correct information. Sometimes, Anna is not able to locate the information and has to call back later, winding her way through the automated system for a second time before she can reach a representative. \
- The previous administrative assistant made updates to the IT network and Anna has very little information about these updates and why they were made. When her IT professional asks her about a piece of network hardware, she throws up her hands in frustration: \'93I don\'92t know why she decided to switch from a Linux server to a Microsoft server!\'94\
\
Needs:\
- A place to store information about her company's technology resources, such as which computer is assigned to which employee, what software is installed on a computer, when a computer was purchased, and notes from previous support requests, so that she can provide information quickly and confidently when working with others. \
- A way to manage support requests from her colleagues and help her respond in a timely manner\
- A centralized place to keep track of IT spending, including cloud services, which can help guide decisions about what services are being used and what services should be cancelled. \
- Access to information gathered by previous administrative assistants and explanations about their IT decisions\
}